Updating article to include series details. (#2221)
embarklabs/embark: site/source/_posts/2019-12-09-web3-what-are-your-options.md

![Web3.js](/assets/images/web3-article-header.png)

> *This article is the first in my series of articles based on the frontend of the web.  We'll look at Web3.js & accessing the Ethereum Blockchain client-side, frontend to backend security for web apps,  how WebAssembly has become the "4th language of the web", and we'll build a realtime Blockchain explorer app in Phoenix LiveView!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This article is the first in a new series related to front-end web technologies. We'll look at:*
* *Web3.js and accessing the Ethereum Blockchain from the front-end*
* *Front-end to back-end security for web apps*
* *How WebAssembly has become the "4th language of the web"*

*Finally, we'll build a real-time Blockchain explorer app using [Phoenix LiveView](https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view#phoenix-liveview)!*
```

> To kick this article off, I first have to reaffirm, for those that aren't aware, I am not really a ***lover*** of JavaScript.  While my cool friends were off learning Node.js, and for some reason moving a scripting language to the backend, I was learning C and Go, Erlang and Distributed Systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To kick off this article, I should remind my readers that I'm not really a ***lover*** of JavaScript.  While my cool friends were off learning Node.js, and for some reason adopting a scripting language for the back-end, I was learning C, Go, Erlang, and Distributed Systems.
```
